README.md, before:

# ME369P-Final-Project-Public
1.The purpose of this project is to differentiate between an AI cat, a real cat, or a plushie cat. This is accomplished by training 3 models: a CNN, ResNet, and a Swin Transformer. The Swin Transformer performed the best. The models can be downloaded from the following links, and the data used to train these models. 
2. After an image is classified, the end effector of a robot is moved to a corresponding x,y coordinate based on its classification and then to a corresponding Z coordinate based on the model's confidence value. 

## model link 
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1LmHvKBR9CANGtaBeEO-KHJPdY2GyRZa_/view?usp=sharing
## data link 
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1-UtQ0X5nTJHMcUOAaTisVJr9Kmh7YTsy?usp=sharing
## quick guide 
The robot.py file takes in an input of a model that the user desires to use, and an image that the user wishes to evaluate.

## Data Directory Structure
The training script expects a specific folder structure within a local data/ directory. The dataset is typically split into 90% training data and 10% validation data. Ensure each subfolder is named exactly as the categories used in the model.

('This is an example of the general folder structure of the project, to use each model trainer')

```bash
ME369P-Final-Project/
├── Model_Training_cnn.py
└── data/
    ├── train/                    # ~ 90% Training Split
    │   ├── AI_Cat/               
    │   ├── Plushie_Cat/          
    │   └── Real_Cat/             
    └── val/                      # ~ 10% Validation Split
        ├── AI_Cat/
        ├── Plushie_Cat/
        └── Real_Cat/
```

## Running the CNN model
To run the CNN model, run the following command to install the necessary packages to run the model: 
```bash
pip install torch torchvision numpy matplotlib
```

Commit message:

Revise CNN model running instructions in README
Updated instructions for running the CNN model and added information about compatibility with Spyder.

README.md, after:

# ME369P-Final-Project-Public
1.The purpose of this project is to differentiate between an AI cat, a real cat, or a plushie cat. This is accomplished by training 3 models: a CNN, ResNet, and a Swin Transformer. The Swin Transformer performed the best. The models can be downloaded from the following links, and the data used to train these models. 
2. After an image is classified, the end effector of a robot is moved to a corresponding x,y coordinate based on its classification and then to a corresponding Z coordinate based on the model's confidence value. 

## model link 
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1LmHvKBR9CANGtaBeEO-KHJPdY2GyRZa_/view?usp=sharing
## data link 
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1-UtQ0X5nTJHMcUOAaTisVJr9Kmh7YTsy?usp=sharing
## quick guide 
The robot.py file takes in an input of a model that the user desires to use, and an image that the user wishes to evaluate.

## Data Directory Structure
The training script expects a specific folder structure within a local data/ directory. The dataset is typically split into 90% training data and 10% validation data. Ensure each subfolder is named exactly as the categories used in the model.

('This is an example of the general folder structure of the project, to use each model trainer')

```bash
ME369P-Final-Project/
├── Model_Training_cnn.py
└── data/
    ├── train/                    # ~ 90% Training Split
    │   ├── AI_Cat/               
    │   ├── Plushie_Cat/          
    │   └── Real_Cat/             
    └── val/                      # ~ 10% Validation Split
        ├── AI_Cat/
        ├── Plushie_Cat/
        └── Real_Cat/
```

## Running the CNN model (Model_Training_cnn.py)
~ The model was trained using VScode, should work in Spyder
To run the CNN model, run the following command in your terminal to install the necessary packages to run the model: 
```bash
pip install torch torchvision numpy matplotlib
```
